Test:                                              Total LOC:                  Codegen (ms):    Compilation (ms):
aggregate                                          all                                153103         1.773806325s        52.346819284s
aggregate                                          responseBased                       41157         687.726251ms        23.540395248s
aggregate                                          operationBased                      84648         798.782328ms        16.653607290s
aggregate                                          compat                              27298         287.297746ms        12.152816746s

kotlin-responseBased-fragment_with_inline_fragment                 2264                   31         779.716208ms
java-operationBased-fragment_with_inline_fragment                  1774                   12          94.387084ms
java-operationBased-nested_named_fragments                         1774                    8          67.373167ms
java-operationBased-union_inline_fragments                         1545                    5          59.902291ms
java-operationBased-unique_type_name                               1524                    6             57.873ms
java-operationBased-inline_fragment_intersection                   1518                    8          78.648709ms
kotlin-responseBased-nested_named_fragments                        1474                   18         390.016875ms
java-operationBased-root_query_fragment_with_nested_fragments                 1473                    7          59.995250ms
java-operationBased-mutation_create_review                         1403                    7          73.245750ms
kotlin-compat-fragment_with_inline_fragment                        1398                   13         553.905666ms
java-operationBased-named_fragment_delegate                        1377                   15          66.525167ms
java-operationBased-__schema                                       1315                   44         545.611291ms
java-operationBased-named_fragment_with_variables                  1251                    7          66.559666ms
kotlin-compat-nested_named_fragments                               1241                   10         331.493250ms
kotlin-responseBased-named_fragment_delegate                       1236                   13         344.012250ms
kotlin-responseBased-unique_type_name                              1215                   13         330.967500ms
java-operationBased-input_object_type                              1213                    8          76.207583ms
java-operationBased-nested_conditional_inline                      1209                    5          62.853750ms
java-operationBased-fragment_used_twice                            1197                    8          72.510875ms
java-operationBased-multiple_fragments                             1176                   12          62.155792ms
java-operationBased-nested_field_with_multiple_fieldsets                 1170                    5          55.140167ms
java-operationBased-mutation_create_review_semantic_naming                 1168                    7          65.926291ms
kotlin-operationBased-fragment_with_inline_fragment                 1126                   18         517.320833ms
java-operationBased-two_heroes_with_friends                        1125                    4          51.476333ms
java-operationBased-inline_fragment_merge_fields                   1124                    5          63.988584ms
kotlin-operationBased-nested_named_fragments                       1117                   21         315.904541ms
kotlin-responseBased-root_query_fragment_with_nested_fragments                 1114                   11         319.061833ms
kotlin-responseBased-inline_fragment_intersection                  1099                   14         422.730667ms
java-operationBased-fragments_with_type_condition                  1068                    7          63.740125ms
java-operationBased-named_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                 1068                    5         115.645958ms
kotlin-compat-inline_fragment_intersection                         1066                   12         460.112208ms
kotlin-compat-unique_type_name                                     1023                    9         309.332291ms
kotlin-responseBased-fragment_used_twice                           1009                   19         416.439125ms
kotlin-compat-root_query_fragment_with_nested_fragments                 1005                   10         300.139292ms
java-operationBased-root_query_inline_fragment                     1004                    4          53.539917ms
kotlin-operationBased-inline_fragment_intersection                 1002                   15         382.049458ms
kotlin-operationBased-union_inline_fragments                       1002                   10         339.846125ms
kotlin-responseBased-union_inline_fragments                         999                    9         302.543042ms
kotlin-responseBased-mutation_create_review                         974                   10         409.433667ms
kotlin-responseBased-__schema                                       969                  126         3.806646084s
kotlin-operationBased-unique_type_name                              967                   10         318.455292ms
kotlin-responseBased-fragments_with_type_condition                  963                   10         357.029208ms
java-operationBased-simple_fragment_with_inline_fragments                  957                    5          59.294541ms
kotlin-compat-union_inline_fragments                                956                    7         326.511291ms
java-operationBased-inline_fragments_with_friends                   945                    6          59.973459ms
java-operationBased-fragment_spread_with_nested_fields                  942                    8          71.317750ms
java-operationBased-fragment_spread_with_include_directive                  936                   15          87.098250ms
kotlin-responseBased-simple_fragment_with_inline_fragments                  927                    8         271.241583ms
kotlin-responseBased-multiple_fragments                             925                   11         335.580333ms
kotlin-responseBased-nested_conditional_inline                      924                   10         334.725125ms
kotlin-operationBased-root_query_fragment_with_nested_fragments                  916                    8         273.191125ms
java-operationBased-simple_fragment                                 913                    5          55.817333ms
kotlin-responseBased-named_fragment_with_variables                  911                   10             323.31ms
kotlin-compat-named_fragment_delegate                               907                   10         299.392667ms
kotlin-compat-fragment_used_twice                                   892                   10         466.419375ms
kotlin-operationBased-named_fragment_delegate                       870                   26         284.513792ms
kotlin-compat-named_fragment_with_variables                         863                    7         309.958792ms
java-operationBased-fragments_same_type_condition                   862                    5          62.240166ms
java-operationBased-simple_union                                    862                    4          58.819500ms
java-operationBased-deprecated_merged_field                         851                   16          96.470417ms
kotlin-compat-nested_conditional_inline                             844                    9         320.828291ms
java-operationBased-hero_details                                    832                    5          59.831458ms
java-operationBased-not_all_combinations_are_needed                  831                    4          47.877291ms
kotlin-responseBased-input_object_type                              830                    8         361.053417ms
java-operationBased-fieldset_with_multiple_super                    815                    5          76.594833ms
java-operationBased-simple_inline_fragment                          813                    3          50.340917ms
java-operationBased-inline_fragment_with_include_directive                  805                    5          61.174166ms
kotlin-compat-multiple_fragments                                    798                    7         306.733208ms
java-operationBased-test_inline                                     780                    3          46.396333ms
kotlin-compat-fragments_with_type_condition                         778                    7         305.862875ms
kotlin-operationBased-nested_conditional_inline                     778                    9         319.664667ms
java-operationBased-union_fragment                                  778                    3          47.549542ms
kotlin-operationBased-named_fragment_with_variables                  776                    8         300.848375ms
java-operationBased-inline_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                  771                    4          59.069042ms
kotlin-responseBased-mutation_create_review_semantic_naming                  761                    7         364.594875ms
kotlin-operationBased-fragment_used_twice                           758                   11         394.879667ms
kotlin-responseBased-fragment_spread_with_nested_fields                  752                   12            448.803ms
kotlin-responseBased-nested_field_with_multiple_fieldsets                  740                    8         319.864625ms
java-operationBased-named_fragment_without_implementation                  736                    4          63.819625ms
kotlin-responseBased-simple_fragment                                725                    7         227.860584ms
kotlin-operationBased-multiple_fragments                            709                    8         275.468584ms
kotlin-operationBased-nested_field_with_multiple_fieldsets                  701                    8         272.645666ms
java-operationBased-fragment_with_multiple_fieldsets                  698                    5          60.453208ms
java-operationBased-hero_details_semantic_naming                    697                    4          57.218416ms
kotlin-operationBased-fragments_with_type_condition                  690                    7         307.062084ms
kotlin-operationBased-inline_fragment_merge_fields                  690                    9         281.441375ms
kotlin-responseBased-two_heroes_with_friends                        683                   29         241.078875ms
java-operationBased-path_vs_flat_accessors                          676                    5          69.784417ms
kotlin-compat-simple_fragment_with_inline_fragments                  668                    5         232.566583ms
kotlin-compat-simple_fragment                                       661                    6         240.887208ms
java-operationBased-reserved_keywords                               657                    4          52.710375ms
kotlin-responseBased-deprecated_merged_field                        656                   13         537.321792ms
kotlin-operationBased-named_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                  652                    8         268.359959ms
java-operationBased-typename_always_first                           651                    3          43.430042ms
kotlin-responseBased-inline_fragments_with_friends                  650                    7         274.297417ms
kotlin-operationBased-root_query_inline_fragment                    648                    6         266.697625ms
kotlin-compat-named_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                  647                    6         259.970042ms
kotlin-compat-nested_field_with_multiple_fieldsets                  640                    5         279.955166ms
kotlin-compat-fragment_spread_with_include_directive                  633                    8         391.528667ms
kotlin-responseBased-simple_union                                   631                    6         235.426875ms
kotlin-compat-inline_fragments_with_friends                         630                    5         283.218250ms
java-operationBased-interface_on_interface                          628                    3          50.375792ms
java-operationBased-introspection_query                             627                    3          56.427333ms
kotlin-responseBased-named_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                  625                    7         282.967083ms
kotlin-compat-fragment_spread_with_nested_fields                    621                    8         365.938833ms
kotlin-responseBased-root_query_inline_fragment                     620                    5            238.295ms
java-operationBased-root_query_fragment                             610                    3          45.926875ms
kotlin-responseBased-fragments_same_type_condition                  603                    8         272.067583ms
kotlin-operationBased-inline_fragments_with_friends                  597                    7         289.333375ms
java-operationBased-input_object_variable_and_argument                  596                    4          67.085250ms
kotlin-operationBased-simple_fragment_with_inline_fragments                  594                    5         215.275625ms
kotlin-operationBased-fragment_spread_with_include_directive                  589                    8         377.175666ms
kotlin-compat-root_query_inline_fragment                            588                    4         242.747042ms
java-operationBased-interface_always_nested                         583                    3          51.531583ms
kotlin-compat-deprecated_merged_field                               582                   13         508.361916ms
kotlin-operationBased-fragment_spread_with_nested_fields                  581                    9         343.020958ms
kotlin-compat-fragments_same_type_condition                         574                    9         286.063667ms
kotlin-operationBased-simple_fragment                               573                    5         204.906292ms
kotlin-compat-simple_union                                          572                    5         216.847417ms
java-operationBased-deprecation                                     571                    4          69.051750ms
kotlin-compat-not_all_combinations_are_needed                       566                    4         226.159667ms
kotlin-compat-inline_fragment_with_include_directive                  564                    5         255.824625ms
java-operationBased-recursive_selection                             560                    3             44.671ms
kotlin-compat-union_fragment                                        557                    5         212.008209ms
java-operationBased-custom_scalar_type                              555                    6          92.234834ms
java-operationBased-hero_with_review                                550                    4          56.396875ms
kotlin-responseBased-test_inline                                    548                    6         235.769417ms
kotlin-compat-inline_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                  546                    7         267.659416ms
kotlin-compat-named_fragment_without_implementation                  538                    5         322.218250ms
kotlin-responseBased-fragment_with_multiple_fieldsets                  537                    6         270.028916ms
kotlin-responseBased-union_fragment                                 536                    5         204.439041ms
kotlin-compat-fieldset_with_multiple_super                          533                    6         385.715333ms
java-operationBased-hero_name_query_long_name                       531                    3          54.976500ms
kotlin-operationBased-fragments_same_type_condition                  530                    5         273.145541ms
java-operationBased-field_with_include_directive                    528                    4          66.339625ms
kotlin-operationBased-simple_union                                  528                    5         200.547667ms
kotlin-responseBased-named_fragment_without_implementation                  527                    6         242.652792ms
kotlin-operationBased-deprecated_merged_field                       526                   19         496.504708ms
java-operationBased-variable_default_value                          525                    2          42.180209ms
java-operationBased-hero_name                                       524                    3          70.057084ms
kotlin-operationBased-not_all_combinations_are_needed                  515                    5         208.656084ms
kotlin-operationBased-inline_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                  514                    6         281.896333ms
kotlin-operationBased-inline_fragment_with_include_directive                  513                   12         242.155917ms
kotlin-responseBased-inline_fragment_merge_fields                   511                    6         238.140250ms
kotlin-responseBased-hero_details                                   509                    6         288.192291ms
kotlin-compat-inline_fragment_merge_fields                          509                    5         240.779041ms
kotlin-responseBased-inline_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                  507                    8         246.530208ms
kotlin-operationBased-union_fragment                                506                    4         206.427667ms
kotlin-operationBased-fieldset_with_multiple_super                  505                    6         392.290167ms
kotlin-operationBased-simple_inline_fragment                        503                    4         203.321750ms
java-operationBased-optional                                        501                    2          43.628125ms
kotlin-operationBased-named_fragment_without_implementation                  494                    5         240.783583ms
kotlin-responseBased-simple_inline_fragment                         493                    4         199.625125ms
kotlin-responseBased-fieldset_with_multiple_super                   492                    7         341.313084ms
java-operationBased-inline_fragment_for_non_optional_field                  492                    3          52.104208ms
kotlin-compat-test_inline                                           489                    5         232.356791ms
java-operationBased-inline_fragment_type_coercion                   487                    3          48.530667ms
kotlin-responseBased-not_all_combinations_are_needed                  487                    5         202.791541ms
java-operationBased-java8annotation                                 482                    2          56.003875ms
java-operationBased-two_heroes_unique                               480                    2          46.237667ms
kotlin-compat-fragment_with_multiple_fieldsets                      473                    7         286.634458ms
kotlin-compat-simple_inline_fragment                                469                    3         209.145167ms
kotlin-responseBased-reserved_keywords                              468                    4         208.589292ms
kotlin-operationBased-test_inline                                   466                    5         227.002958ms
kotlin-compat-reserved_keywords                                     445                    4         207.253083ms
kotlin-responseBased-path_vs_flat_accessors                         443                    4         205.717834ms
kotlin-operationBased-reserved_keywords                             438                    5         217.768458ms
java-operationBased-starships                                       433                    3          45.688250ms
kotlin-responseBased-hero_details_semantic_naming                   431                    5         264.595166ms
kotlin-responseBased-custom_scalar_type                             429                   11         497.153958ms
kotlin-compat-path_vs_flat_accessors                                426                    3         217.815084ms
java-operationBased-antlr_tokens                                    424                   13         111.274583ms
kotlin-operationBased-fragment_with_multiple_fieldsets                  423                    6         299.260166ms
kotlin-responseBased-typename_always_first                          423                    4         189.986292ms
kotlin-responseBased-interface_on_interface                         419                    4         210.892750ms
java-operationBased-subscriptions                                   418                    2          45.589083ms
kotlin-responseBased-root_query_fragment                            415                    4         196.857667ms
kotlin-responseBased-input_object_variable_and_argument                  414                    4         284.365500ms
kotlin-compat-root_query_fragment                                   413                    4         189.169750ms
kotlin-operationBased-path_vs_flat_accessors                        412                    4         197.332958ms
kotlin-operationBased-typename_always_first                         410                    4         200.654083ms
kotlin-compat-typename_always_first                                 410                    3         199.637042ms
kotlin-responseBased-hero_name                                      398                    4         231.745542ms
kotlin-compat-interface_on_interface                                397                    4         214.224041ms
java-operationBased-arguments_hardcoded                             396                    5          81.218542ms
kotlin-operationBased-interface_on_interface                        390                    4         233.867291ms
kotlin-responseBased-interface_always_nested                        388                    5         208.740792ms
kotlin-responseBased-hero_with_review                               379                    5         280.120375ms
kotlin-responseBased-deprecation                                    377                    6         345.788625ms
kotlin-responseBased-hero_name_query_long_name                      375                    5         255.547916ms
java-operationBased-merged_include                                  375                    2             47.437ms
java-operationBased-operation_id_generator                          374                    2          40.601292ms
kotlin-compat-interface_always_nested                               373                    4         233.747500ms
kotlin-operationBased-root_query_fragment                           369                    4         193.979459ms
kotlin-compat-hero_name                                             366                    4         220.921625ms
java-operationBased-case_sensitive_enum                             359                    3          64.741250ms
java-operationBased-enum_field                                      359                    3          54.928667ms
java-operationBased-enums_as_sealed                                 359                    3          59.816375ms
kotlin-operationBased-interface_always_nested                       359                    4         210.135833ms
java-operationBased-nonnull                                         356                    2          46.680208ms
kotlin-responseBased-inline_fragment_for_non_optional_field                  354                    4         227.172625ms
kotlin-responseBased-introspection_query                            354                    4         195.869375ms
kotlin-responseBased-field_with_include_directive                   339                    5         286.984208ms
kotlin-operationBased-hero_name                                     338                    7         215.028208ms
kotlin-responseBased-variable_default_value                         338                    4            207.889ms
kotlin-responseBased-inline_fragment_type_coercion                  336                    4         200.336125ms
kotlin-compat-inline_fragment_for_non_optional_field                  325                    4         232.311375ms
kotlin-responseBased-recursive_selection                            324                    4         185.978250ms
kotlin-responseBased-optional                                       320                    3         209.128750ms
kotlin-compat-inline_fragment_type_coercion                         312                    3         200.462292ms
kotlin-operationBased-inline_fragment_for_non_optional_field                  308                    4         278.154042ms
kotlin-operationBased-inline_fragment_type_coercion                  298                    3         214.305875ms
kotlin-responseBased-two_heroes_unique                              294                    3         180.778375ms
kotlin-responseBased-starships                                      285                    3         190.631666ms
kotlin-responseBased-java8annotation                                284                    4         188.982750ms
kotlin-responseBased-antlr_tokens                                   282                   26         494.211416ms
kotlin-responseBased-subscriptions                                  270                    3         203.738125ms
kotlin-responseBased-arguments_hardcoded                            267                   10         426.645125ms
kotlin-responseBased-enums_as_sealed                                243                    5         275.533625ms
kotlin-responseBased-operation_id_generator                         228                    2            160.633ms
kotlin-responseBased-merged_include                                 227                    3            174.148ms
kotlin-responseBased-nonnull                                        212                    4            156.783ms
kotlin-responseBased-case_sensitive_enum                            208                    4         374.206375ms
kotlin-responseBased-enum_field                                     207                    3         271.375875ms
kotlin-responseBased-empty                                            0                    0         132.700583ms
java-operationBased-empty                                             0                    0              5.125us